Jobs

Unfortunately you need to work this year to help pay off your loans. 
Gain = +3000

Unfortunately you couldn't afford a ticket home, so you're staying back to work the holidays. At least you got Mariah Carey? 
Gain = +1000

Woohoo! Lucky you for not needing to work this year. Must be nice swimming in that dollar pool!
Gain = +7000

Schoalrships:

You applied to an environmental science fellowship competition and won! You recieve a small stipend that can cover your tuition for a semester.
That is amazing, congratulation!
Gain = +1000

You managed to score a position in the Cyber Cohort as a cyber scholar and received a full academic scholarship! THAT'S FREAKING AWESOME!
Gain = +10000

Woohoo you landed a spot as a BioChem scholar a=that rewarded you a partial academic scholarship and won't need to pay for half of your time at college!
Gain = +5000

Ahhh the Pell's Grant. One of the most rewarded need based government grants in the US. You what's better? You manage to land a Federal Working position at your
campus library! College is already a tad bit cheaper.
Gain = +3000

You submitted a project at the TechTogether Hackathon and won! Not a lot people do that, your project must have been pretty amazing! Enjoy your prize!
Gain = +500

Loans:

You went to the bank. intimadating aint it? You signed for a subsidized loan. Lucky you! not many people qualify for that. You won't recieve as much as you would
in a unsubsidized loan, however there won't be any sharks hounding for blood. Meaning no interest after you graduate!
Gain = +5000

You went into the bank for a loan. Unfortunately you did not qualify for a subsidized loan. However they do offer unsubsidized loans! You take it! 
Just remember to keep a steely eye on that never ending interest after you graduate.
Gain = +1000

So you went into the bank for the first time with your parents. You have no clue what to do and that's okay! Most of us don't. Unfortunately, you don't qualify for 
a subsidized loan, but your parents actually love you and don't wnat to ruin your credit score after college so the turn down the unsubsidized loan in your name.
So you all opt for a PLUS loan that your parents co sign! Better strap in for christmas with Mum, Dad and Uncle Jack for the holidays for the next so many years...
Gain = +2000

Food:

You opted for takeout this year. Your body will hate you and so will your wallet. But damn that orange chicken is good...
Loss = -500

You decided to fully immerse into adulthood and invest in cooking at home. Your friends wonder at your sick cooking skills and you seem better adjusted. 
Maybe adulthood isn't that bad? Now you can use the money you saved from not getting takeout to treat yourself! With maybe takeout...
Gain = +500

Car:

Yay you got a car! Jee that's fancy. Commuting with public transport was a hassle, with following schedules, needing extra time, traveling with strangers. 
It costs more but hey at least you're saving on precious time and enjoing that sweet sweet privacy!
Loss = -1000

Buspass:

You scored a campus bus pass! While public transportation is already cheaper as is, with a buspass, you will manage to save more in the long run!
Gain = +50

Private School:

You manged to be enrolled into the very prestigious school of TechTogether University. Congratulations!
You achieved to beat out intense competition, and because of that you will be rewarded with state of the art facilities and oppurtunities.
You also will be subjected to more funding if you are interested into delving into more niche research!
Loss: -10000

You managed to transfer to The TechTogether State College! Congratulations! 
Public schools are amazing options that provide the same  kind of oppurtunities while also being significantly more affordable, especially if you are in-state!
They also typically introduce larger student bodies and provide more diverse oppurtinities.
Loss: -5000

Public School:

You managed to get enrolled at The TechTogether State College! Congratulations! 
Public schools are amazing options that provide the same  kind of oppurtunities while also being significantly more affordable, especially if you are in-state!
They also typically introduce larger student bodies and provide more diverse oppurtinities.
Loss: -5000

You managed to transfer to The TechTogether State College! Congratulations! 
Public schools are amazing options that provide the same  kind of oppurtunities while also being significantly more affordable, especially if you are in-state!
They also typically introduce larger student bodies and provide more diverse oppurtinities.
Loss: -5000

You Need To Take An Extra Course:

You failed a course last semester unfortunately and will need to pick up and extra class in order to stay on track.
Loss: -300

You Can Drop A Course:

You have been in good academic standing and took extra credits, you can drop a course this semester and enjoy a lighter course load!
Gain: +300